hi I'm Sam Haskell chairman and CEO of
the Miss America Organization we've just
finished our second night or preliminary
competition in our journey toward
crowning Miss America 2014 Rebecca gay
in miss Minnesota won talent at Kelsey
Griswold Miss Oklahoma won swimsuit I'm
thrilled to have the reigning Miss
America Mallory Hagan with me tonight to
co-host this segment for you
we are heading quickly towards Sunday
the 15th for our live telecast on ABC
from 9:00 to 11:00 Eastern 8:00 to 10:00
central preceded by the ABC News 20/20
peace the road to Miss America which
will also feature Mallory high-tech in
our rainy Miss America
Mallory I'd love for you to talk just a
moment about last year versus this year
how it feels to be crowning versus
competing and give us a little insight
maybe a little insight into the piece
that they did on 2020 well it obviously
feels great to be sitting in the
audience and watching the girls compete
I actually may have had a few french
fries this afternoon and I'm sure Kelsey
did not necessarily show that's all true
in January I had a blast competing I got
to know so many contestants we were
having a great time but by this time I
think we were all just kind of ready to
know who it was you know and we're all
getting getting to know each other and
having a good time we were ready to know
who Miss America was and I just remember
having a blast but I can only imagine
how different it is here in Atlantic
City
I mean boardwalk calls a different
atmosphere and I'm sure that you guys
are really soaking in Atlantic City and
boardwalk calls for all it's worth so
I'm really happy for you all to get to
experience or this American experience
here what was it like having cameras
follow you around for a couple of weeks
it was interesting if you know we have a
very outspoken person and so to have a
microphone on at all times was a bit
challenging I guess everything but I had
a great time I loved the ABC and 2020
staff we've gotten to know each other
really well and so it's just really
great to have them around and kind of be
a little bit of a buffer between me and
Karen or me and Marcy someone else in
the room so there's a lot of fun that's
great well they told me you were awesome
I'm expecting it to be awesome why don't
you talk to Kelsey about swimsuit and
then I'll talk to Rebecca about Talent
sure so Kelsey I know just dissolves
anyone that swimsuit can be the most
nerve-wracking part of competition for
many many reasons
tell us about your journey and who you
worked with to get to Miss America and
to get in swimsuit shape well I worked
with Brian and a very results fitness
and Edmond Oklahoma which was right next
to you know right the town right next to
Oklahoma City University so it was easy
to visit him and keep on track but
honestly it was very hard work this is
not natural
by any means but I feel I am I was in
the gym often and especially since like
the month right before we went to the
pageant I was in the gym every single
day several hours a day so I'm very
proud of the work that I did and I
walked with pride and my head held high
and this award you know maybe there is
it's beautiful we have to know everyone
always wants to know if you if you do
treat yourself to something what is it
strawberry cake with chocolate icing
there is literally no there's not a
question in my mind I want to make it so
badly but my hotel room does not have an
oven and that is OK at me I won't wait
how will we get out oh we're very proud
of you thank you thank you that some
Rebecca you know I have a very good
friend from Minnesota that was around
Miss America playing the violin 25 years
ago gretchen carlson yes so tell me
about the selection of your piece on the
violin and fill everyone in on your
preparation and how long you've been
training and how you felt about it
tonight
well my preparation really started when
Hospital years old and that's when I
picked up the violin for the very first
time I told her brother played and I
wanted to do just like him so I started
and I soon passed him up and it's are
taking my land a little more seriously
so he was studying
professor at the University of Minnesota
so that really started and middle school
in high school and then I was able to
bring it into this pageant realm and
it's been a huge way for me to just give
back to other people and that's what I
was most about it
I'm not pursuing a career in music but I
love sharing it whenever I can who is
the composer of the pastry place
beautiful and what was the name of the
Greeks
it's a tarantella perfect yeah I'm glad
you could pronounce it because we are so
thrilled with both of your wins tonight
and we have preliminaries continuing
tomorrow night we have the Miss America
parade coming up on Saturday night there
are still tickets available 200,000
people are expected to line the
boardwalk to see Miss America mallory
hagan and the 53 contestants competing
for her crown mallory why don't you
close out with our sponsors this evening
and then I'll do a final salute off sure
absolutely speaking of the rain it's
sponsored by a brand new shoe company
that just launched last year called pink
and pepper and then of course we brought
on a Miss America by Catalina again for
our swimsuit selection we have a brand
new cosmetic line called rain by Joshua
brands and then of course Joseph's
Ribicoff is back again so we'd like to
say thank you to all of them for for
taking care of the Miss America
Organization Thank You Mallory
I'm Sam Haskell mallory hagan Miss
America and we'll see you later
you